src/pages/software-intro.mdx, before:

import { CodeGroup } from '../components/Code'

export const image = 'https://i.imgur.com/Sqptcno.png'

# Getting Started

This guide assumes that you have already [created your company](https://docs.whop.com/creating-company) and are building a software application that you want to sell. View the code for a fully integrated example [here](https://github.com/whopio/readpilot) or see it [live](https://whop.com/read-pilot/).

## Integration process

Our integration allows customers who purchase your product via Whop to easily access and use your software. The primary integration process is relatively simple, and mainly involves creating a route in your webapp to handle incoming users from the marketplace. The route will handle a **`code`** parameter, which can be used to log the user in or check their access to your product. Users are sent directly to your URL with the **`code`** parameter automatically added. This is how you look up the user.

Example: `https://your-site.xyz/callback/whop?code=xxxxxxxx`

Note: Alternatively, we have a simpler integration that involves a license key form of authenticating users. See [here](https://dev.whop.com/reference/validate_license)

When all said and done, the integration process involves creating a seamless transition from the marketplace to your software product for a smooth user experience.

## Prerequisites

To start the integration process, you will need to head to your [developer settings page](https://dash.whop.com/developer) to obtain your Client ID and Client Secret. These keys will be used to identify your website/app and authenticate it to the Whop API.

![Auth Setup](https://i.imgur.com/Sqptcno.png){{ className: 'rounded-lg w-full' }}

## Creating your callback

<CodeGroup title="Callback">
    ```js
    import Router from 'next/router'

    export default function Callback({ query }) {
        // Use the code parameter to request an authorization token
        const code = query.code

}

````
    ```python
from flask import Flask, request, redirect

    app = Flask(__name__)

    @app.route('/callback')
    def callback():
        code = request.args.get('code')
        // Use the code parameter to request an authorization token
    ```
    ```ruby
    class CallbacksController < ApplicationController
        def callback
            code = params[:code]
            # Use the code to request an authorization token
        end
    end
````

</CodeGroup>

This code creates a callback route that accepts the code from the callback url and you can use the code to request an authorization token.

## Getting authorization token

<CodeGroup title="Callback" tag="POST" label="/oauth/token">
    ```js
    import axios from 'axios';

    const getAuthToken = async (code, clientId, clientSecret, redirectUri) => {
        try {
            const response = await axios.post('https://data.whop.com/oauth/token', {
                grant_type: 'authorization_code',
                code,
                client_id: clientId,
                client_secret: clientSecret,
                redirect_uri: redirectUri,
            });
            return response.data;
        } catch (error) {
            throw error;
        }
    };

    export default getAuthToken;
    ```
    ```python
    import requests

    def get_auth_token(code, client_id, client_secret, redirect_uri):
        data = {
            "grant_type": "authorization_code",
            "code": code,
            "client_id": client_id,
            "client_secret": client_secret,
            "redirect_uri": redirect_uri
        }
        response = requests.post('https://data.whop.com/oauth/token', data=data)
        return response.json()
    ```
    ```ruby
    require 'net/http'
    require 'uri'
    require 'json'

    def get_auth_token(code, client_id, client_secret, redirect_uri)
        uri = URI.parse('https://data.whop.com/oauth/token')
        request = Net::HTTP::Post.new(uri)
        request.content_type = 'application/json'
        request.body = {
            grant_type: 'authorization_code',
            code: code,
            client_id: client_id,
            client_secret: client_secret,
            redirect_uri: redirect_uri
        }.to_json
        req_options = {
            use_ssl: uri.scheme == 'https',
        }
        response = Net::HTTP.start(uri.hostname, uri.port, req_options) do |http|
            http.request(request)
        end
        JSON.parse(response.body)
    end

````

</CodeGroup>

This function takes in the code, clientId, clientSecret, and redirectUri as arguments and makes a POST request to the specified API endpoint. The code and other parameters are passed in the body of the request. The function returns the data from the API response which includes the access_token.

## Checking for access

<CodeGroup title="Callback" tag="GET" label="/v2/me/has_access">
    ```js
    import axios from 'axios';

    const checkAccess = async (accessPassId, accessToken) => {
        try {
            const response = await axios.get(`https://api.whop.com/api/v2/me/has_access/${accessPassId}`, {
                headers: {
                    Authorization: `Bearer ${accessToken}`,
                },
            });
            return response.data;
        } catch (error) {
            throw error;
        }
    };

    export default checkAccess;
    ```
    ```python
    import requests

    def check_access(access_pass_id, access_token):
        headers = {
            "Authorization": f"Bearer {access_token}"
        }
        response = requests.get(f'https://api.whop.com/api/v2/me/has_access/{access_pass_id}', headers=headers)
        return response.json()
    ```
    ```ruby
    require 'net/http'
    require 'uri'
    require 'json'

    def check_access(access_pass_id, access_token)
        uri = URI.parse("https://api.whop.com/api/v2/me/has_access/#{access_pass_id}")
        request = Net::HTTP::Get.new(uri)
        request["Authorization"] = "Bearer #{access_token}"
        req_options = {
            use_ssl: uri.scheme == "https",
        }
        response = Net::HTTP.start(uri.hostname, uri.port, req_options) do |http|
            http.request(request)
        end
        JSON.parse(response.body)
    end

````

</CodeGroup>

This function takes in the resource ID and access token as arguments and makes a GET request to the specified API endpoint. The access token is included in the Authorization header of the request. The function returns the data from the API response.

## Linking your software with your Whop product

In order for your customers to seamlessly use your software after they purchase, you will need to add your callback URL to your product on Whop.

![Adding Webapp](https://i.imgur.com/o0ni04n.gif){{ className: 'rounded-lg w-full' }}

Thats it! When a customer purchases a product on Whop, they will automatically be sent to your callback URL with the `code` parameter in the URL and they will be able to seamlessly use your software.

## Integration Examples

### Integration #1

1. Subscribe to our [webhooks](https://guides.whop.com/sell-access/integrate-via-webhooks) in such a way that you create a user using the info we send on the `membership.went_valid` webhook.
2. Create a callback in your webapp such as `/callback/whop` that can handle a `code` parameter such as `https://your-site.xyz/callback/whop?code=xxxxxxxx` and exchange this code for a user authorization token.
3. Use the webhook event `membership.went_invalid` to shut off the users access and assume they can no longer use your app.
4. View the [Webhook Integration](/webhook) for a full guide on this implementation.
   <br />

### Integration #2

1. Create a callback your webapp such as `/callback/whop` that can handle a `code` parameter such as `https://your-site.xyz/callback/whop?code=xxxxxxxx` and exchange this code for a user authorization token.
2. When the user comes in, either log them in if they have an account or create them an account if they do not yet have one.
3. Check if the user should be able to access your product by using [this endpoint](https://www.notion.so/7c7d1932b4704212b7b2e1344a7d67ec).
4. View the [API Integration](https://dev.whop.com/reference/home) for a full guide on this implementation.
   <br />

### Integration #3

1. Allow for users to input a license key before being able to use your software.
2. Validate the license using our [validate license endpoint](https://dev.whop.com/reference/validate_license) and save any important info such as the users machine ID, or IP in order to prevent people from using their license key more than once.
3. View the [License Key Integration](https://dev.whop.com/reference/validate_license) for a full guide on this implementation.
   <br />

## Adding sign in with Whop (Optional)

If you would like to give your users a better experience, add a way for them to authenticate if they originally purchased from Whop. First, you will need to send your users to the Whop OAuth Portal. You can do this by having the user click a login button, which might look something like this:

```jsx
<a
  href={`https://whop.com/oauth?client_id=${process.env.CLIENT_ID}&redirect_uri=${process.env.REDIRECT_URI}`}
>
  <button>Login with Whop</button>
</a>
```

After being redirected, the user will be prompted to sign in with their existing Whop account (or to create a new one)

![Sign in with Whop example](https://i.imgur.com/SmdheT7.png){{ className: 'rounded-lg w-full' }}

Commit message:

re-word the software intro page

src/pages/software-intro.mdx, after:

import { CodeGroup } from '../components/Code'

export const image = 'https://i.imgur.com/Sqptcno.png'

# Getting Started

We're excited for you to get integrating with Whop! If you haven't already [created your company](/creating-company) or [made a product to sell](/creating-company#creating-your-first-product), you'll want to start there.

## Integration process

Our integration allows customers who purchase your product via Whop to easily access and use your software. The primary integration process is relatively simple, and mainly involves creating a route in your webapp to handle incoming users from the marketplace. The route will handle a **`code`** parameter, which can be used to log the user in or check their access to your product. Users are sent directly to your URL with the **`code`** parameter automatically added. This is how you look up the user.

Example: `https://your-site.xyz/callback/whop?code=xxxxxxxx`

Note: Alternatively, we have a simpler integration that involves a license key form of authenticating users. See [here](https://dev.whop.com/reference/validate_license)

When all said and done, the integration process involves creating a seamless transition from the marketplace to your software product for a smooth user experience.

## Prerequisites

To start the integration process, you will need to head to your [developer settings page](https://dash.whop.com/developer) to obtain your Client ID and Client Secret. These keys will be used to identify your website/app and authenticate it to the Whop API.

![Auth Setup](https://i.imgur.com/Sqptcno.png){{ className: 'rounded-lg w-full' }}

## Creating your callback

<CodeGroup title="Callback">
    ```js
    import Router from 'next/router'

    export default function Callback({ query }) {
        // Use the code parameter to request an authorization token
        const code = query.code

}

````
    ```python
from flask import Flask, request, redirect

    app = Flask(__name__)

    @app.route('/callback')
    def callback():
        code = request.args.get('code')
        // Use the code parameter to request an authorization token
    ```
    ```ruby
    class CallbacksController < ApplicationController
        def callback
            code = params[:code]
            # Use the code to request an authorization token
        end
    end
````

</CodeGroup>

This code creates a callback route that accepts the code from the callback url and you can use the code to request an authorization token.

## Getting authorization token

<CodeGroup title="Callback" tag="POST" label="/oauth/token">
    ```js
    import axios from 'axios';

    const getAuthToken = async (code, clientId, clientSecret, redirectUri) => {
        try {
            const response = await axios.post('https://data.whop.com/oauth/token', {
                grant_type: 'authorization_code',
                code,
                client_id: clientId,
                client_secret: clientSecret,
                redirect_uri: redirectUri,
            });
            return response.data;
        } catch (error) {
            throw error;
        }
    };

    export default getAuthToken;
    ```
    ```python
    import requests

    def get_auth_token(code, client_id, client_secret, redirect_uri):
        data = {
            "grant_type": "authorization_code",
            "code": code,
            "client_id": client_id,
            "client_secret": client_secret,
            "redirect_uri": redirect_uri
        }
        response = requests.post('https://data.whop.com/oauth/token', data=data)
        return response.json()
    ```
    ```ruby
    require 'net/http'
    require 'uri'
    require 'json'

    def get_auth_token(code, client_id, client_secret, redirect_uri)
        uri = URI.parse('https://data.whop.com/oauth/token')
        request = Net::HTTP::Post.new(uri)
        request.content_type = 'application/json'
        request.body = {
            grant_type: 'authorization_code',
            code: code,
            client_id: client_id,
            client_secret: client_secret,
            redirect_uri: redirect_uri
        }.to_json
        req_options = {
            use_ssl: uri.scheme == 'https',
        }
        response = Net::HTTP.start(uri.hostname, uri.port, req_options) do |http|
            http.request(request)
        end
        JSON.parse(response.body)
    end

````

</CodeGroup>

This function takes in the code, clientId, clientSecret, and redirectUri as arguments and makes a POST request to the specified API endpoint. The code and other parameters are passed in the body of the request. The function returns the data from the API response which includes the access_token.

## Checking for access

<CodeGroup title="Callback" tag="GET" label="/v2/me/has_access">
    ```js
    import axios from 'axios';

    const checkAccess = async (accessPassId, accessToken) => {
        try {
            const response = await axios.get(`https://api.whop.com/api/v2/me/has_access/${accessPassId}`, {
                headers: {
                    Authorization: `Bearer ${accessToken}`,
                },
            });
            return response.data;
        } catch (error) {
            throw error;
        }
    };

    export default checkAccess;
    ```
    ```python
    import requests

    def check_access(access_pass_id, access_token):
        headers = {
            "Authorization": f"Bearer {access_token}"
        }
        response = requests.get(f'https://api.whop.com/api/v2/me/has_access/{access_pass_id}', headers=headers)
        return response.json()
    ```
    ```ruby
    require 'net/http'
    require 'uri'
    require 'json'

    def check_access(access_pass_id, access_token)
        uri = URI.parse("https://api.whop.com/api/v2/me/has_access/#{access_pass_id}")
        request = Net::HTTP::Get.new(uri)
        request["Authorization"] = "Bearer #{access_token}"
        req_options = {
            use_ssl: uri.scheme == "https",
        }
        response = Net::HTTP.start(uri.hostname, uri.port, req_options) do |http|
            http.request(request)
        end
        JSON.parse(response.body)
    end

````

</CodeGroup>

This function takes in the resource ID and access token as arguments and makes a GET request to the specified API endpoint. The access token is included in the Authorization header of the request. The function returns the data from the API response.

## Linking your software with your Whop product

In order for your customers to seamlessly use your software after they purchase, you will need to add your callback URL to your product on Whop.

![Adding Webapp](https://i.imgur.com/o0ni04n.gif){{ className: 'rounded-lg w-full' }}

Thats it! When a customer purchases a product on Whop, they will automatically be sent to your callback URL with the `code` parameter in the URL and they will be able to seamlessly use your software.

## Integration Examples

### Integration #1

1. Subscribe to our [webhooks](https://guides.whop.com/sell-access/integrate-via-webhooks) in such a way that you create a user using the info we send on the `membership.went_valid` webhook.
2. Create a callback in your webapp such as `/callback/whop` that can handle a `code` parameter such as `https://your-site.xyz/callback/whop?code=xxxxxxxx` and exchange this code for a user authorization token.
3. Use the webhook event `membership.went_invalid` to shut off the users access and assume they can no longer use your app.
4. View the [Webhook Integration](/webhook) for a full guide on this implementation.
   <br />

### Integration #2

1. Create a callback your webapp such as `/callback/whop` that can handle a `code` parameter such as `https://your-site.xyz/callback/whop?code=xxxxxxxx` and exchange this code for a user authorization token.
2. When the user comes in, either log them in if they have an account or create them an account if they do not yet have one.
3. Check if the user should be able to access your product by using [this endpoint](https://www.notion.so/7c7d1932b4704212b7b2e1344a7d67ec).
4. View the [API Integration](https://dev.whop.com/reference/home) for a full guide on this implementation.
   <br />

### Integration #3

1. Allow for users to input a license key before being able to use your software.
2. Validate the license using our [validate license endpoint](https://dev.whop.com/reference/validate_license) and save any important info such as the users machine ID, or IP in order to prevent people from using their license key more than once.
3. View the [License Key Integration](https://dev.whop.com/reference/validate_license) for a full guide on this implementation.
   <br />

## Adding sign in with Whop (Optional)

If you would like to give your users a better experience, add a way for them to authenticate if they originally purchased from Whop. First, you will need to send your users to the Whop OAuth Portal. You can do this by having the user click a login button, which might look something like this:

```jsx
<a
  href={`https://whop.com/oauth?client_id=${process.env.CLIENT_ID}&redirect_uri=${process.env.REDIRECT_URI}`}
>
  <button>Login with Whop</button>
</a>
```

After being redirected, the user will be prompted to sign in with their existing Whop account (or to create a new one)

![Sign in with Whop example](https://i.imgur.com/SmdheT7.png){{ className: 'rounded-lg w-full' }}
